This toy is awesome! I have a 1yrd German Shephard and he plays with it all day
My germany sheppard destoried this toy for christmas in 2 days, waste of money!!!
I have Chihuahua and this toy was good, but I wish this toy could be smaller for my dog to play with
This dog toy is too small!! 
Best dog toy!!! I got 3 of them and now my dog wouldn't go anywhere without this toy
My dog has been playing with this toy for 5 years, I had to buy another one as a replacement since she worn the last one out
This product is my dog's favourite toy!!Not only is the price affordable, it's also a very durable product with very good design. Love it!
Got this for christmas for my dog
Don't order it from here. I found a different website with a cheaper price
I have a 30lb dog that could chew through anything. We have had this toy for 1 year now and it still looks new!! amazing product, will buy again
This is one of the few toys that are still there in the living room, my dog chews through everything but this one lasted!
My three labs hate these balls and they were chewed through after a few days
I love this toy, I think it's really cute, but my dogs seem to disagree with me
I ordered it on the 22nd and It came on the 23nd!! Not only that, my dog loved it and played it non stop, it was a good purchase
I have a small dog, who loves squeaky toys, this one fits her need really well!
I inherted this little toy from a friend who had to move away, my dog loved it so much that I decided to order another one
I love how cute this toy is!! the sound is a little too squeaky but I don't mind it, my dog also enjoys it
A very good and sturdy product, i will buy again from the same company
My dog loves this toy!! he always carries it around and puts the tail in his mouth
Doesn't last long. My dog loves to tug and chew, this didn't survive after a few days
I got it as a gift for my friend's dog, she loved it!! her dog also seemed to have a good time playing with it. Happy with my purchase
I received this as a gift from a friend for christmas. My dog loved it! 
My dog is pretty rough on toys, and this one only lasted for 1 month (I have gotten other products from this company as well and they seemed to have lasted longer, disppointed)
Great price!! and very cute
Product not suited for high energy dog
My pomerian had a few of these cute toys!! he had a great time playing with all of them. Will buy again
Not good for big dogs or dogs that rough with toys. My black lab chew through this toy in a few weeks 
My dog loved this toy!! he was especially protective of his toy, wouldn't let others touch them, etc
This toy is my dog's new best friend!! I will order more in the future
It's a small toy to carry around, I travel with my dog often and it's nice that this toy is so easy to pack with
Disppointed about this toy, was expecting higher quality product given the price
Low quality
Expensive for what the toy had to offer, I had to buy a new toy for my dog in a few days
Didn't get the right product, had to get a replacement, it was such a hassle 
Nice toy to carry around
Too loud!! My dog loves but the sound is too loud, will get one that has more of a muted noise
Safe material!! Really appreciate how safe it is
My dog really loves these toys!! they have so much fun playing with them and it was so joyful to watch
I wish this toy could last longer! my dog loved it but it didn't last for a very long time, I will be looking for an alternative
I have a 100 golden retriever that destories everything and this toy is no exception :(
Very happy with this purchase
Best dog toys I have ever had. It's a good toy for me and my dog
My dogs have no interest in this toy :(I think it's adorable tho!
My little lab dog loves this beaver!! very cute, will buy again
